What do you say?
Since the land is used to indiscriminately marry each other, it is the environment that resists marriage.
Don't move other girls.
Did you just see her from somewhere?
Just inside the door?
So, did you read it wrong?
Is there nothing else?
Hasn’t the girl said anything yet?
What's the word for this?
To the past. I like this word,
Boy, I'll come and visit you next time.
It's Ming Guan, he bought it for himself,
What did I do to you? I left long ago.
Still have to go, see you key escort came in an impression.
So I hid
But you died in an unknown way when you were a child
I am so suspicious of that and so on. Thank you.
Tell me where you went, right?
I'm going to find my grandpa
he is always there
You have to let my grandpa figure it out first.
Can't go anywhere